So we come now in many ways to the
critical moment of, well, let's find out
whether this actually works or not,
whether we got a viable product here.
And actually, when I first sat
down to create this workshop,
it was this part that was the heart of it.
For me because this is what I've been
doing with various startups that I've
worked with.
And it's turned into a very
good way of kind of getting
a sense of whether an app has got legs or
not.
Basically, what we're gonna do is
we're gonna run a test campaign as
if this product was a real live breathy,
living thing, and
we're gonna see whether anybody
is interested or not right?
So it's kind of fake it till
you make it kind of scenario or
it's all smoke and mirrors but
it'll teach us what we want to know.
So what we're gonna learn
from this campaign, right?
One, we will find out whether we
have a plan in place that will
actually consistently
drive leads whether we
are capable of acquiring
people's attention, right?
Can we get their attention?
Secondly, can we cause get
them to convert, right?
We want to find out get an idea of
what our conversion rate will be.
And then finally,
it's an opportunity to make some decisions
around pricing and
how we're gonna model the pricing.
So it might be that we don't
just run one campaign,
it might be that we run multiple
test campaigns as we learn more.
So we might try one with
certain tactics doesn't work.
So we'll try it with another
tactic doesn't work.
Try it with a third tactic.
Yeah, that was working better.
Right now we'll see if we will
try it with a freemium model.
Does that work and fiddle around
with different criteria until we've
got something we feel is robust.
And then we can go full steam into
development because we're much more
confident about what can be done.
So steps in running this campaign, okay?
First of all, we're gonna agree
what success looks like, okay?
Because obviously,
success can't look like we've just
earned a lot of money from people.
Because we haven't built anything yet.
So that would be what is generally
classed as immoral, right?
[LAUGH] so we don't want to do that or
perhaps we do, I'm not gonna judge.
Second, we need to set our price, okay?
So we're gonna put a price in now and
give an indication of price,
even i we don't take money from people,
okay?
Cuz price is a critical factor in
whether this is gonna succeed or fail.
Third, we're gonna build a landing page,
which is gonna be
the test bed of whether we can
convert people or not, all right?
And fourth, we're gonna drive
traffic to that page, and
then we're gonna see if people convert,
but finally,
we don't wanna waste those people, right?
So because they can't actually buy the
product at the end of the day, but they've
shown interest and we might have even
paid a bit of money to get them there.
So we don't wanna waste them, so
we're also gonna look at nurturing that
audience over the long term until we've
got an actual product to sell them, right?
All make sense?
Any questions about that?
It's really important that
everybody's clear on this one.